Almost on a daily basis, someone gets struck by a train in the New York City subway system managed by the MTA. On the afternoon for March 12, 2025 there two such incidents. It is downright disgusting and disheartening that people have to suffer these needless and horrific tragedies. I file this complaint with the hope that you can command MTA to address issues with subway platform safety whether it is through technology such as platform screen doors (see https://rsd.bg as an example) or through changes in their standard operating procedure. Modifications to standard operating procedure could include holding passengers behind the fare gates until the train has arrived and is top at the platform and/or stopping the train prior to entering the station so that the operator can process what is ahead.

Regarding the issue of platform screen doors, it seems like the MTA has cherry picked the worst locations on the subway platforms to make excuses to not implement these and to get away with addressing safety issues (ie. narrow sections of platforms). In some incidences, they cited that inclusion of platform screen doors will make certain sections of platforms ADA non-compliant but those sections were too narrow to be ADA compliant in the first place. There almost 4000 page report can be found at https://www.mta.info/document/73241. I cited some cases where they cherry picked in the attached PDF. The attached psa_ada6.PNG (shows the effect of platform screen doors on a section of the Flatbush station that is too narrow to be ADA compliant in the first place (36 inches minimum but that section is only 28 inches). No one should be waiting on or walking through that section of the platform (The Do not enter or cross track sign is posted right on that wall! They must expect someone to roll a wheel chair down that section and to the end of the platform). The image psd_ada.png (attached here) shows another subway platform where MTA has opened a section is covered almost entirely by the yellow no-step line to pedestrian traffic.

My last example is the construction at the Parkchester station. As shown in https://brooklyn.news12.com/parkchester-subway-riders-cite-safety-risks-from-narrow-platform passengers had to walk dangerously on the yellow no-step area as MTA was adding an elevator on the platform. MTA left passengers to assume the risks rather than doing the right thing and closing the station while construction was happening. This is UNACCEPTABLE by modern human standards. Those who made this decision at the MTA should be fired immediately.

Some platforms such as those found at Newkirk Plaza are extremely narrow and it is appalling that MTA would operate stations under those conditions. They cite platform screen doors will make these platforms less accessible. But I beg to differ, a narrow and crowded subway platform that carries a big risk of falling onto the track hinders accessibility more than any thing else. Finally, the link 

The MTA is not operating under the best interest of human well being. I am not trying to get people in trouble here but we need to eliminate the horrendous incidences.
